Empire of Valence

The Empire of Valence is a sovereign and transcontinental state with its metropolitan territory 
enclaved within The city of Valence in France. 
Furthermore, the Empire of Valence is also composed of several territories located beyond the city of Valence
and often called "outter France Valence", allowing the Empire to be present in the French Region of Rhônes-Alpes,
eastern Europe and north Africa.
Those territories possess various status in the city administration of the Empire of Valence and are formely 
located in Grenoble, Turkey, Hungary, Russia and Morocco.
Their exact location in these countries remain a state secret and is known only by the citizens of the
Empire.
Those territories are namely called HQ for HeadQuarters.

The Empire of Valence is an enlightened monarchy, resulting from a long and troubled political history. It is led by the Independent Valentinois Party (IVP).
Its doctrine is based on a racial classification of men and animals under a totalitarian logic.
Its motto is "No Donkey, No Sex" and its flag is coloured in white and black, the national colors, layered in 7 horizontal stripes of even width.
Its national anthem is Zinedine Zidane Superstar, our patriotic hymne.
Its capital city is the city of Valence and its national language is Donkey.
Its currency is the CepajouCoin.
Its national imposed religion is being Donkey.

History

BEST Valence : the 1st Republic (17.10.2017 - 16.05.2018)
The foundation of BEST Valence goes back to the 2017 BEST Grenoble Motivational Week-end.
During this event, it was observed that Grenoble was unworthy to manage the interest of BEST in the Rhônes-Alpes Region.
By refusing a coalition with Grenoble, Valentinois' forces composed of two brave donkeys soldiers
waged what is referred in history books as the independence war !

Following several attempts to negotiate with the enemy (Ol'inpiades, RM 2017), 
the Valentinois accepted their fate to become a fully Independent and 
operational LBG strictly seperated from LBG Grenoble on October 17th 2017.

Since then, we celebrate on that date the First Republic national day.
The organization follows a "one LBG, two systems" policy allowing BEST Valence to keep their judicial system,
their own currency known as the CepajouCoin, their political system as an enlightened monarchy,
its immigration laws and the privilege to organize the one and only BeSenior every year.
on May 18th 2018, BEST Valence decided to represent the LBG worldwide and instaured The First Empire.

The 2nd Republic (17.05.2018 - 16.10.2018)
The combined events of the meeting of a donkey prophet during BeSenior 2018
and the non election of Nicolas Sarkozy urged the Valentinois to 
detach themselves from the Grenoble grasp in order to create their own Reûblic.
This transition allowed Valence to impose its religion and its doctrine based on race ranking, which 
was impossible in Grenoble due to their apolitical and non religious policies.
The first Empire was proclaimed on May 17th 2018 by the Emperor in front of the monumental foutain.
Being free from Grenoble's grasp, the Empire of Valence managed to become the most powerful LBG in Rhônes-Alpes,
outplaying BEST Lyon and BEST Grenoble.

Nevertheless, many failures occured during the first Empire, urging the 
Emperor to modify the constitution and empowering himself at the same moment.
Among the most noticable fails, one can underline the theft of a Cepajou bottle by Lamas in April 2018, as well as 
the refusal from observer Grenoble president to sign a 50 year exclusivity agreement for BeSenior in exchange of the end of the icecubegame joke.
Finally, on October 2018, the  Emperor discovered the horrifying truth about the lama origins of one of his own citiens.
His wrath led to the beginning of the second Empire.

The Empire of Valence(17.10.2018 - today)
One year following the creation of BEST Valence, the  Emperor proclaimed the birth of the second Empire
during his moving speech held in front of the monumental fountain of Valence.
The Empire of Valence is structured around the merge of the legislative power, the executive power and the law
in order to be held by one and only one person : the Emperor.

The executive power :
The October 2018 constitution distinguishes two categories of power houses : the hononary Emperor
and the government. they make sure the law is respected as well as the budget of the Empire without any approval from the people. The hononary Emperor
checks that the constitution is utterly followed as well as common public services. He guarantees national independence, territorial integrity and the respect of treaties.
Head of the armed forces, his duty is timeless. He choses each minister working in the government and they may be dismissed only and only by the Emperor.
Ministers are urged to implement the Emperor's policies. They usually gather monthly at the ministers'council where most decisions are taken for the sake of the Empire.

The law and courts :
National courts are the maintainers of the law in the Empire. Any citizen may seize the courts by a written request in order to demand compensation due to 
a fault or to point out an act against the laws of the Empire which are dicted by the 10 commandments.

The Constitution :
The constitution definies the national laws. They state the structure of the Empire as well as the rights and duties of each of its citizens.
According the the first statement of the constitution, "the Empire of Valence is a indivisable, Donkey and non democratic which guarantees equality for each citizen in front of the law depending on their race and faith. 

Political structure
The Empire of Valence is led by a government with the following structure :
Emperor
Minister of foreign affairs and national cohesion
Minister of justice and culture
Minister of armed forces
Ministry of health and solidarity
Ministry of finance and work
Ministry of internal affairs and education
Minister of food and agriculture
Minister of Innovation
General director for national treasury
General director for national heritage
Government spokesman

The hononary Emperor is the emblem of Valence. He leads armed forces and summones his ministers when necessary. He may reject laws, dismiss the government or prevent it.
The Emperor preserves the monarchy and treats all public matters.

The minister of foreigner affairs and national cohesion implements foreign policies, defends Valence's interest abroad,its independence and safety. He is in charge of every diplomatic relation with each state and Valence, gving him a predominant status in the race pyramid.

The minister of justice and culture conducts the law policies chosen by the donkeys and the Empire. He rules over all courts and only he may judge the hononary Emperor   
His duty also consists in the promotion of the holy pieces of art that shall save humanity and donkeys from rape.

The minister of armed forces is responsible of the safety and protection of the territory, the citizens and the interests of the Empire.
He must advice and aid the Emperor during times of war.

The minister of health and solidarity implements all the policies concerning public health, solidarity, national cohesion and the global health system.
His main priority is to make sure that all citizen have what we call "a nice dick", following the precepts of our science guru Dr Yamak.

The minister of finance and work implements all rules and policies concerning work, collective negociations and Valentinois' rights.
His skills are aimed to promote the Empire as well as protecting it, thus promoting each new generations of donkeys.
He is in charge of regulating the flows of CepajouCoins and fighting fraud caused by lamas.

The minister of internal affairs and education is at the hearth of the Valentinois' administration. He is in charge of all local affairs as well as upkeeping national institutions.
His duty is to spread properly the national donkey religion and uses all means necessary to do so, thus spreading the legacy of the donkeys among citizens.

The minister of Agriculture and food implements national policies concerning food and agriculture, with its industries, its ancient technics for fishing, handling forests, wood and aquaculture.

The minister of Innovation defines, structures then implements all policies concerning research and development (R&D) by defining several key parameters such as investments, strategies, priorities and budgets 

The general director for national treasury orders then applies the annual budget of the Empire, thus leading the public treasury service and all debts concerning the Empire.

The general director for national heritage aims to preserve the most valuable and sacred monument of Valence : The Monumental Fountain. Using all means necessary, he defines all strategies for its preservation, promotion and to protect the rite of purification.

The government spokesman represents the Empire during national speeches, mainly interacting with the press and public opinions and conveying the positions and opinions of the government on main matters.

As an enlightened monarchy, no elections are held in the Empire of Valence. The hononary Emperor retires whenever he desires et elects himself his heir, himself included and also chooses his minsiters.
In case of sudden death, in the unlikelyness that no heir was chosen, the donkey pope takes the lead of the Empire who then shall elect a new Emperor or become Emperor himself. (art. 7 of the constitution)

The Cepajou

The Cepajou is a widespread drink in the region surrounding Valence. While this drink is a must have for locals, this Valentinois' wine is almost unknown in France.
It only exists in the form of a 5 liter wine cube and can be composed of rosé or red wine.
The Cepajou is known to heal every type of sickness. A study led by a group of researchers from the faculty of Law and Economics at the University of Valence, followers of dr Yamaks studies, demonstrates the benefit of the holy Cepajou. During six weeks, these researchers compared a group of daily drinkers from Valence with a non-drinking group from Grenoble and the results were staggering : the Valentinois showed a much lower level of blood pressure compared to the Grenoblois.

Purification process

In order to stay healthy, members of BEST Valence need to purify themselves regularly. The purified has to get on his knees and a full member of BEST Valence may be a purifier, if not, purification may lead to undesired results. The purifier need to possess a 5L Cepajou cube, and the drink may only be tasted from its source which is the cube itself and the purifier ought to pronounce these holy words before each purification :

    -In the name of the Cepajou
    -To the god of donkeys
    -And the Empire of Valence

Following these phrases, the purified should answer "Amen" before receiving the holy drink.

The BeSenior

This 4 day yearly event organized by BEST Valence takes places in february. The aim is to gather potential candidates for citizenship from all over Europe.. Participants must survive a set of challengers including 3 Cantus, a centurion (or more depending on how donkey you are), an international lunch and an Australian Beer Pong tournament (BPA)

"You drink" rule

Very straightforward rule, especially in presence of alcohol. the rule is simple, each time an individual starts saying bullshit, he must drink in order to get back on tracks. In order to drink, the other people must tell him "you drink"

The ice cube game

Tradition in BEST Grenoble and BEST Valence during pub crawl. The aim is to transfer an ice cube mouth to mouth. So find the convenient neighbours, but beware of Blackouts, some prefered to forget the people next to them for obvious reasons.

Public holidays

January 28th : Birthday of Sarkozy
February 22nd : Discovery of Cepajou
May 4th  : Extermination of the lama woman president.
May 17th : 1st constitution of BEST Valence
June 23rd : Birthday of Zidane and Italian genocide
July 13th : Extermination of the lama headmaster.
August 4th : 1st appearence of the special forces spectrum
August 11th : Instauration of the 10 Donkey commandments
August 15th : Birth of the first of the Donkeys.
September 22nd : Gathering of the pocket pussy
September 23rd : Discovery of a new enemy : the alpacas
October 17th : Birth of BEST Valence.

Worshipped Saints
Nicolas Sarkozy

Nicolas Sarkozy was born of the 28th of january 1955 in paris. He is a Valentinois politician as well as business lawyer and administrtor fo the society.
He was Emperor of the French Empire from May 16th 2007 until May 15th 2012.
He is the incarnation of the Donkey God on Earth. On his birthday, he received the pocket pussy directly from the Donkey God, giving him immense powers. 
In order to maintain justice within the Empire, he founded the court of extermination and the spectrum of the special forces.
Citizen of the Empire of Valence aim to bring him back to a power in a country that is gay, France.

Zinedine Zidane

Born on June 23rd 1972 in Marseille, Zinedine Zidane is a Valentinois international footballer.
He became a saint in the Empire after his well known headbutt on the lama Materazzi.
His encounter with Nicolas Sarkozy allowed him to become the leader of the special forces' spectrum.
The music Zinedine Zidane superstar was made to glorify him and became the Valentinois national anthem to stand out from the BESTie song Tunak Tunak.
In compensation for his acts, Italians have to kneel and ask for forgivness before entering BeSenior and must leave all conversations in the Empire.

Ozgecan

Ozgecan is a Turkish theologist and head of science of the university of Valence and pope of the Donkeys, also known as the creator.
He created the holy races of the donkeys and works hand to hand with the  Emperor to ensure the prosperity of the donkeys within the Empire.
In order to maintain the power of the Donkeys throughout the world, he elected himself as president and treasurer of BEST Istanbul under the advice of our master of corruption Sarkozy.

The Kitchen
The Kitchen is the holy place where the women prepre sandwiches for the donkeys so that they gather forces and are productive in their lama extermination tasks.

Racial ideology 

For the donkeys, life results in the battle where only the strongest survive.
A hierarchy of races as been established according their their blood purity. 
Below the donkeys are half blood races such as horses, camels or dogs. The ranking follows to reach inferior races destined to be exterminated, known as the lamas and alpagas.

Joining Best Valence

There are three types of citizenship in the Empire of Valence
    Donkey citizen
    Normal citizen
    Observer

Citizenship is defined above all by its rights an duties and is 
defined by the boundaries around being a donkey, so by the excluded non-citizens, such as :

-Women
-Valence foreigners
-Underaged
-Slaves
-Lower races

Every non foreign Valence man over 18 may enroll to become a Valentinois citizen.
In order to do so, he fills up a registration form to the Valence government directly or to a consulat
if he lives abroad.
After analysis, the enrolled may be considered as valid (being non slave, non woman, non foreigner nor underaged) and will ebcome an observer of Valence.
Once observer, one may become a full citizen by fulfilling remarkable acts noted by the government.
However, only the  Emperor may validate the citizenship of an observer.
Finally, in order to enter the government, there are only 3 known ways :
-A purification in the holy Valence fountain.
-An extraordinary act during BeSenior
-Imperial benediction
Executing one of these actions is compulsory

A Donkey citizen is a citizen that has enlightened himslef into becoming a holy Donkey.
The status is given either by the Donkey prophet or the pope himself.
The most common ways to become one are lama murder or remarkable rape. 


